well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
the Boy Scouts gotta talk about the Boy
Scouts the Boy Scouts are like many
things in American history they was good
idea but copy of a copy of a copy
nostalgia takes over and it loses its
focus and it loses its meaning you know
the idea was to instill service to
community self-reliance doing your best
helping out when you need to that was
the idea
those are still solid ideas those are
still things that should be instilled in
young people problem was it hit its
heyday in a period of a bunch of
nationalism a lot of nationalism and
that doesn't fit with today's modern
American you know and as nostalgia took
over in the late 80s it was harkening
back to Studebakers and ensel's
that era
like those cars well maybe came obsolete
because it didn't keep up with the times
kept trying to create Davy Crockett's
king of the wild frontier and live up to
that myth rather than advancing and then
when it tried to advance those that held
onto that nostalgia well they made it
politically controversial and that was
one of the many nails in the coffin of
the scouts I'm sure you all have seen
the bankruptcy news regarding the scouts
that doesn't actually mean that it's
done by the way but it's yet another
nail in the coffin and they're on their
way out because of the behavior of a lot
of those in scouts many don't want to
have their children associated with it
and then those that try to move the
organization forward they run into
political controversy by those who want
to harken back treat it like the 1950s
so this is a golden opportunity for
somebody all the time in the comments
section what can I do this this is the
opportunity for somebody to remake the
scouts in the modern American image and
by remake the scouts I don't mean
actually reformed scouting IRA meaning I
mean create an organization that more
accurately reflects today's moral norms
more inclusive less nationalistic but
those key ideas service to community
self-reliance all of that still Sylvan
needs to be there it's still a valuable
tool and this is proven by the fact that
there are hundreds of thousands of
former Scouts who look back at what they
learned there and know that it helps
shape their moral code
it doesn't have to be para militarily
structured doesn't have to have uniforms
that was part of the problem as it time
went on it became more about checking
boxes in the little Cub Scout book
earning badges than it was about
instilling the the core values there's
no reason for it to have a large
hierarchy somebody some enterprising
individual could take the US Army
Survival Guide and the soldiers guide to
basic tasks break them apart those that
are appropriate turn them into lessons
incorporate all of the other the core
ideas the core tenants put it online and
create a decentralized form of scouting
where it's the parents in the immediate
community service to community that that
are actually the Scout leaders or what
would be the Scout leaders that
eliminates or greatly reduces some of
the issues that it had it also allows
the individual groups to judge for
themselves what's appropriate and what's
inappropriate allows them to supplement
with stem learning it allows for a lot
more flexibility as decentralization
typically does
the message behind scouting has always
been solid and it will always be solid
the problem is the core values got
overrun with nationalism and that there
is no other word for it that
paramilitary structure that was the
problem and then as it tried to advance
it tried to shed some of that the
funders weren't having it
and here we are
a organization that's dedicated to
creating strong young people is needed
it is yeah it should be more inclusive
from the outset yeah it should be less
nationalistic from the outset it should
be more about fostering internal growth
than putting patches on a sash but the
core values are their core values need
to be instilled this is something that
somebody watching this can do and quite
literally change thousands of lives
anyway it's just thought y'all have a
good night